He broke the silence about how he has been
difficult recovery process like
they remember he was hospitalized
very serious with pneumonia something that has
let sequels
Magaly Ayala spoke with him and here is the
interview
I
replica of the teacher giraffes with his
traditional bouquet of red roses was
witness of the meeting we had with
rubén aguirre after two years ago
months he was admitted for emergency
pneumonia
thanks to the doctors who rescued me
the room of the comedian's house in
puerto vallarta jalisco was where we
we saw with a positive man despite
the hard tests that life has
put as the car accident
seven years ago and of which currently
suffers from the aftermath of an operation in
spine put a plate
and four screws and I have difficulties
to walk always get used to
to fend for myself I worked all my
life from age 13 high and
working
and now to see it decreased me but also
I understand that I am 80 years old and that
gravity can not be equal everything always
has it
there must be stages
and now I'm limited
I do not bitter the time rubén aguirre
he was interned he made a pact with
roberto gómez bolaños we made a
promise very difficult to meet to see us
soon and I say difficult because he lives in
cancún I live in puerto vallarta
jalisco by ses is difficult
but not like chespirito rubén
aguirre has kept with love the costume of
chestnut look the sergeant shelter and the
teacher giraffes at this time I will
he asked would like to continue working
do not allow it god I'm already retired
the fellow cinemas is still working is
because he is in need of money or some
problem of having
surely or they are accumulating money
you will not see but I feel sorry
maría antonieta chemista is that this
age keep working something happens with
they see that they do not resign themselves to saying
finished
for the sons-in-law or so that money does not
I get it
look at Maria Celeste that when you
ask rubén aguirre if you would think
write a book about his life told me
that he had not had not thought about it but
that gave him an excellent idea because
have you do not know the amount of things that
I have written of his life of his companions
of the trips he has made since
good argentina has traveled all
latin america and good so there will be that
see what surprise we could have and in
that sense who knows but I do not think
I 'm interested in a book I see it resigned and
above all optimistic towards the future
enjoying every day that is what
important especially after having
been so so close to death we
Glad to see you also tremendous interview
magaly ayala